# Interstellar Parking Lot

Interstellar Parking Lot is a C++ project that uses the OpenGL library to simulate the process of driving a machine into an available parking slot and exiting. The project will draw a parking lot in space with at least 12 available slots, and the amount and type of vehicles will be randomly generated to add an extra layer of challenge to the simulation. The simulation will also include a gate system to allow cars to enter and exit the parking lot.

One of the key features of this project is that the user has the ability to set the number of parking slots, giving them more control over the simulation. This README file will provide instructions for building and running the project, along with any necessary dependencies and installation steps. Get started and enjoy exploring the wonders of the Interstellar Parking Lot!

## Vehicle Types

There are 4 vehicle types inside the simulation:
| Vehicle Type | Description |
| --- | --- |
|Teleported| Have reserved slots marked by a rectangle randomly changing color|
|UFO| Device that spins on itself|
|Spacecraft| Vehicle which continuously zooms in and out|
|Car| Regular car|

## Getting Started

To run the project, you will need to have C++, OpenGL, and Glut installed on your system.

1. Clone the repository

2. Compile the project:

for windows:

```
g++ simulation.cpp figure.cpp vehicle.cpp -o "file name" -lglu32 -lfreeglut -lopengl32
```

for mac:

```
g++ simulation.cpp figure.cpp vehicle.cpp -o "file name" -framework OpenGL -framework GLUT
```

for linux:

```
g++ simulation.cpp figure.cpp vehicle.cpp -o "file name" -lGL -lGLU -lglut
```

3. Run the executive file generated by the compiler

## Collaborators

- Joven Laurens Nicholas
- zhaochen yu 于昭琛
- qi'ao liu 刘淇澳
- yanzhuo cao 曹彦卓

## Additional information

For more information about the development of the project, please read the file named [Changelog.md](Changelog.md). It contain all changes that happen for the project chronologically.
